Flex
-------
The flex property sets the flexible length on flexible items.
    display - flex,block
    flex-basis
        specifies the initial lenght of flex item.
        flex-basis:100px;

    flex-direction: 
        row
        column
        column-reverse
        row-reverse;
        unset

    flex-wrap
        wrap
        nowrap
        wrap-reverse

    flex-flow
        flex-direction
        flex-wrap
    
    flex-grow
        property specifies how much the item will grow relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same container.
        default -0
    
    flex-shrink
        The flex-shrink property specifies how the item will shrink relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same container.
        default -1
    
grid-layout
    - making it easier to design web pages without having use to floats and positioning.
    
        display: grid,inline-grid
        grid-row-gap
        grid-column-gap
        grid-gap :10px,20px
        grid-area:
            grid-row-start: 1;
            grid-column-start: 1;
            grid-row-end: 3;
            grid-column-end: 3;

content-visibility:
    visible
    hidden
    auto:

Transitions
    transition
    transition-delay
    transition-duration
    transition-property
    transition-timing-function

Css:
    CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets
    CSS describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media
    CSS saves a lot of work. It can control the layout of multiple web pages all at once
    External stylesheets are stored in CSS files

Sass:
     Sass is an extension to CSS
        Sass is a CSS pre-processor
        Sass is completely compatible with all versions of CSS
        Sass reduces repetition of CSS and therefore saves time
        Sass is free to download and use
        
    Why Use Sass?
        Stylesheets are getting larger, more complex, and harder to maintain. This is where a CSS pre-processor can help.
    
    How Does Sass Work?
        A browser does not understand Sass code. Therefore, you will need a Sass pre-processor to convert Sass code into standard CSS.
        This process is called transpiling. So, you need to give a transpiler (some kind of program) some Sass code and then get some CSS code back.

    Sass File Type
        Sass files has the ".scss" file extension.
    
Less
    Lerner stylesheets
    it is a backwards-compatible language extension for CSS. 
    LESS is a CSS pre-processor that enables customizable, manageable and reusable style sheet for website. 
    LESS is a dynamic style sheet language that extends the capability of CSS. 
    LESS is also cross browser friendly.

    Why LESS?
    Let us now understand why do we use LESS.
        LESS supports creating cleaner, cross-browser friendly CSS faster and easier.
        LESS is designed in JavaScript and also created to be used in live, which compiles faster than other CSS pre-processors.
        LESS keeps your code in modular way which is really important by making it readable and easily changeable.
        Faster maintenance can be achieved by the use of LESS variables.
    Features
        Cleaner and more readable code can be written in an organized way.
        We can define styles and it can be reused throughout the code.
        LESS is based on JavaScript and is a super set of CSS.
        LESS is an agile tool that sorts out the problem of code redundancy.

    Advantages
        LESS easily generates CSS that works across the browsers.
        LESS enables you to write better and well-organized code by using nesting.
        Maintenance can be achieved faster by the use of variables.
        LESS enables you to reuse the whole classes easily by referencing them in your rule sets.
        LESS provides the use of operations that makes coding faster and saves time.